Add an example of how to use an object in an array-like fashion (#7487)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/array/pop/index.md

console.log(popped); // 'sturgeon'
```

### Using an object in an array-like fashion

`push` and `pop` are intentionally generic, and we can use that to our advantage — as the following example shows.

Note that in this example, we don't create an array to store a collection of objects. Instead, we store the collection on the object itself and use `call` on `Array.prototype.push` and `Array.prototype.pop` to trick those methods into thinking we’re dealing with an array.

```js
const collection = {
    length: 0,
    addElements: function(...elements) {
        // obj.length will be incremented automatically
        // every time an element is added.
        

>         // returning what push returns, that is
>         // the new value of length property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Returning what push returns; that is
        // the new value of length property.
```

        return [].push.call(this, ...elements);
    },
    removeElement: function() {
        // obj.length will be decremented automatically
        // every time an element is removed.
        

>         // returning what pop returns, that is
>         // the removed element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Returning what pop returns; that is
        // the removed element.
```

console.log(popped); // 'sturgeon'
```

### Using an object in an array-like fashion

> As mentioned, `push` and `pop` are intentionally generic and we can use that to
> our advantage. We can use `Array.prototype.push` and `Array.prototype.pop` methods
> on an object. It works fine as this example shows.
> 
> Note that we don't create an array to store a collection of objects. Instead, we store
> the collection on the object itself and use `call` on
> `Array.prototype.push` and `Array.prototype.pop` to trick these methods into
> thinking we are dealing with an array and it just works, thanks to the way
> JavaScript allows us to establish the execution context in any way we want.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`push` and `pop` are intentionally generic, and we can use that to our advantage — as the following example shows.

Note that in this example, we don't create an array to store a collection of objects. Instead, we store the collection on the object itself and use `call` on `Array.prototype.push` and `Array.prototype.pop` to trick those methods into thinking we’re dealing with an array.

```
